[MUSIC]
>> Scott: How do you
make reusable components?
Let's just make one right quick.
Let's make a generic reusable component
that we can pass props to and
change how it works, and then I'll show
you how to use the children property on
a component to completely change
the template or whatever.
So let's do that.
Let's go down to UI and
we'll make a new component and
what we'll do is let's make a button.
No, buttons are lame.
Let's just make this nav bar thing,
let's just do that.
So we'll do a new file and
I will call this one, it's called
the top bar cuz it is not really
a navigation bar, not navigating with it.
So let's say top bar and we'll just go
ahead and head over to our index and
export it before we forget to.
>> Scott: There we go.
So we haven't made that yet,
it's gonna break probably.
I would do, very surprising.
So now,
we're gonna import reacts from react,
we might need to make this a component
depending on how we make this or not.
They will import,
I know we don't need view and
Stylesheet.
>> Scott: But
you probably think we
might need more than that.
Looking at the designs, like if you
go look, there's a text in here so
I should probably import text too.
But the way we're going to set it up,
this component's not even
going to know about the text.
It doesn't really care,
doesn't care about the text.
So we have that.
And then, where you at, here we go,
from reacts-native.
Cool, so first thing we'll do is
we'll export the const Top bar.
Any props that may or
may not come in here.
And it will just render a view here,
just like that,
and I will say style=styles.container,
and we haven't make that yet,
so let's just make that.
Men, I gotta turn that toggle off.
It's crazy.
There you go,
cost styles = StyleSheet.create,
and then container.
All right so for the nav bar,
I'm just gonna guess like,
let's just say height of 60.
We'll play with it, so
height of 60, flex one.
There we go.
There's the container.
So now what we wanna be able to do is,
a few things we wanna be able to do.
Is we want who's ever using this top bar
to decide what the style of it is, they
should be able to overwrite the style and
they should be able to put
whatever content they want in it.
On this screen,
we have just text that's purple.
But on this screen, we have a linear
gradient that's going left to right
with a search bar in it
with a close button.
So that means who's ever using this top
bar should be able to do whatever they
wanna do with it.
Two things we gotta do,
one we're gonna pass in props.
So what we can do is,
you can say you know what,
if you want to override the default styles
here, all we gotta do is say we're gonna
pass in an array and
then we're gonna pass in props.styles.
So now when you pass in styles on this
component, because we're adding it second,
it's going to overwrite whatever is here.
So if you pass in a props,
if you pass a styles object thathas
a container property,
it's gonna overwrite this container style.
And whatever other style you want.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: You always use prof stuff
style or props stuff style?
>> Scott: Yeah you can put style, my bad.
So props.style.
Yeah that's better because I
think that's the convention.
So we'll put style here.
So this will give you
a chance to override.
So we can put any default stuff
that we want here and overwrite.
And if we decide to do like more style,
like Francis was like,
yeah you know what, this has padding too.
So we'll put some padding of like ten and
so forth.
So you can do other stuff so
this will overwrite the style.
The next thing is we don't know what
the content of this is going to be.
Anybody know how to receive that and
react if you just don't know what it is?
>> Speaker 3: Props.something.
>> Scott: Props.something.
That's the only thing we got,
got to be props.something.
>> Speaker 3: Default props.
>> Scott: Not default props.
It's props.children.
So probs.children gonna be
whatever you pass in as a child
component to this component.
This is like just put it here.
That's where that's gonna go.
So you can do that.
So now what that means is,
they can style this whatever they want.
Now the top bar doesn't really
care what exactly this is at all.
It's just props.children.
That's a basic top bar of course,
let's actually bring that in and
see how that works.
So if we go to current
work out and we import
topbar from topbar.
Then what we can do is,
we can put our topbar here.
You can say topbar, there we go, and
then we can overwrite the style here.
So let's say style, and it will say
this is gonna be styles.topbar,
we'll write that in a minute, and then
now this is where we add the children.
So, the children we want here is actually
just the texts node that
says current workout.
That will give us a style of
styles.textbar or whatever.
So we also need to go ahead and
bring in the style sheet there.
>> Scott: And
then we're gonna go ahead and
make those styles.
>> Scott: So we've got topbar and
if we look at the designs,
the topbar is, what color is it?
>> Scott: Anybody know where color is?
It's a trick question.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 4: It's transparent.
>> Scott: It's transparent, yeah.
[LAUGH] Color is transparent.
Our background color is transparent.
Yeah, you can do that now.
So background color is transparent,
so we're gonna override that there.
So actually we're gonna mix it in.
So we're not gonna overwrite
anything because topbar doesn't have
a background color to begin with.
But just to show you,
it's a little default to one and
we'll see how it overwrite
background color white.
So, this should overwrite it.
So then we'll come back here, transparent.
And let's say we want to add more padding,
we can do that but
let's see what that looks like now, and
they will say the textbar
is gonna be a color.
I got something like a purple thing,
there wasn't but white for now, but
I also wanna do justify content center.
And align items center on this component.
So it centers the text.
There we go.
So there we go.
So there we got the bar right there.
So let's actually just
make a little better.
We'll say with font size of like 40,
that's a little big,
30, and it's like a border right here.
Almost like a pretty solid border, so
we'll say borderBottomWidth of like two.
And then borderBottomColor
of white.
There we go.
Now we have a topbar and
it's a reusable UI component that you can
pretty much pass anything to and
over right at the same time.